docs(specs): Add `probe` as value to `startup_error_behavior` (#16052)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/specs/tsd-008-probe-on-startup.md

More background discussion on this option, including other possible avenues, can be viewed [here](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/issues/16028).

## Probing

First, we must define what it means for a plugin to `Probe`. Probing is an action whereby the plugin will attempt to communicate with its external service, device, entity, or executable as if it were gathering real metrics. The payload of this communication attempt is not used to record any metrics. The result of a `Probe` shall be an error that indicates whether the communication was successful or not.

We define an interface for this action:

```go
type Prober interface {
    Probe() error
}
```

> In almost all respects, a `Probe` is similar to a `Gather`, the only difference being that `Probe` does not record any metrics and only returns information on the success or failure of the action.

Author: Changed the wording, let me know your thoughts.

## Configuration

> The Telegraf project has already introduced the `startup_error_behavior` configuration which allows the user to define how Telegraf should behave if the plugin fails to start. The `ignore` value allows the plugin to be ignored if the `Start()`/`Connect()` method returns an error. We propose to add an additional value to this parameter called `probe`, that will behave as a superset of the `ignore` behavior. When `startup_error_behavior=probe`, Telegraf will perform the following steps on plugin startup:

Author: I'm not sure if I totally understand the question. Is your question asking if we can just enable probing for any plugin that implements it, without needing a new config parameter? Personally, I tend to lean towards the end of giving the user _more_ control over what happens, not less. In the case of output plugins, it may very well be the case that users emphatically don't want the plugin probing on startup because that means, probably, that you're sending some fake metrics out somewhere.

configuration based off of config options and the running environment. It is 
sometimes the case that while the initialization step succeeds, the upstream 
service in which the plugin relies on is not actually running, or is not capable 
of being communicated with due to incorrect configuration or environmental 
problems. In situations like this, Telegraf does not detect that the plugin's 
upstream service is not functioning properly, and thus it will continually call 
the plugin during each `Gather()` iteration. This often has the effect of 
polluting journald and system logs with voluminous error messages, which creates 
issues for system administrators who rely on such logs to identify other 
unrelated system problems.

More background discussion on this option, including other possible avenues, can 
be viewed [here](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/issues/16028).

## Probing

First, we must define what it means for a plugin to `Probe`. Probing is an 
action whereby the plugin will attempt to communicate with its external service, 
device, entity, or executable as if it were gathering real metrics. The payload 

> of this communication attempt is not used to record any metrics. 

Author: I like it!

Plugins that support probing must implement the `ProbePlugin` interface. Such 
plugins should behave in the following manner:

1. Return an error if the external dependencies (hardware, services, 
executables, etc.) of the plugin are not available.
2. Return an error if information cannot be gathered (in the case of inputs) or 
sent (in the case of outputs) due to unrecoverable issues. For example, invalid 
authentication, missing permissions, or non-existent endpoints.

> 3. Otherwise, return `nil`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Otherwise, return `nil` indicating the plugin will be fully functional.
```

## Configuration

The Telegraf project has already introduced the `startup_error_behavior` 
configuration which allows the user to define how Telegraf should behave if the 
plugin fails to start. The `ignore` value allows the plugin to be ignored if the 
`Start()`/`Connect()` method returns an error. We propose to add an additional 
value to this parameter called `probe`, that will behave as a superset of the 
`ignore` behavior. When `startup_error_behavior=probe`, Telegraf will perform 
the following steps on plugin startup:

1. Check if the plugin implements `ProbePlugin`. If it does not, Telegraf will 
fatally exit with a log message indicating that the supplied configuration is 
invalid for the plugin.
2. Call the `Start()` or `Connect()` method.
3. If an error is returned, cause the plugin to be ignored in the same manner as 
if `ignore` was specified.

> 4. Call `Probe()`. If `Probe()` returns an error, cause the plugin to be ignored.

Reviewer: Remove as this is already covered in the other spec (TSD-006).

## Plugin Requirements

> As already stated, plugins participating in the `probe` scheme must implement 
> the `ProbePlugin` interface. The exact way the plugin implements the behavior 
> will depend on the plugin in question, but generally it should take the same 
> actions as it would with `Gather()` or `Write()`, such that failures during 
> `Gather()`/`Write()` would also imply a failure of `Probe()`. If `Probe()` 
> returns an error, the plugin's `Close()` method should still be safe to call.
> 
> It should be noted that for output plugins, it's advisable to implement 
> `Probe()` in a way that doesn't write real metrics to the backend if possible. 
> How this might be done depends on the output in question.
> 
> Plugins should return `nil` upon successful probes or a retriable error (via 
> predefined error type) to enable the defined ignoring behavior. A non-retriable 
> error (via predefined error type) or a generic error will bypass the startup 
> error behaviors and Telegraf must fail and exit in the startup phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins that allow probing must implement  the `ProbePlugin` interface. The
exact implementation depend on the plugin's functionality and requirements,
but generally it should take the same actions as it would during normal operation
e.g. calling `Gather()` or `Write()` and check if errors occur. If probing fails, it must
be safe to call the plugin's `Close()` method.

Input plugins must *not* produce metrics, output plugins must *not* send any
metrics to the service. Plugins must *not* influence the later data processing or
collection by modifying the internal state of the plugin or the external state of the
service or hardware. For example, file-offsets or other service states must be
reset to not loose data during the first gather or write cycle.

Plugins must return `nil` upon successful probing or an error otherwise.
```
